README.md, before:

# _<p align="center">React Template</p>_

#### _**<p align="center">By: Julia Sheremet</p>**_

<p align="center">  
<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
</p>

## <span style="color:#74875d;">Description</span>

### Link to live application:

_This is a template repository with the added technologies to build a React Application quicker for projects_

## <span style="color:#74875d;">Technologies Used</span>

* HTML
* React
* JSX
* Webpack, Eslint, Babel
* React Hot Loader
* CSS Loader, CSS Style Loader, and JSX Loader


### <span style="color:#74875d;">License</span>

Copyright (c) 2018 ****_Julia Sheremet_****

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

Commit message:

Add screenshots of app in readme

README.md, after:

# _<p align="center">React Template</p>_

#### _**<p align="center">By: Julia Sheremet</p>**_

<p align="center">  
<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/readme%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square"></a>
</p>

## <span style="color:#74875d;">Description</span>

### Link to live application:

_This is a template repository with the added technologies to build a React Application quicker for projects_

## Screenshots of Application


| Homepage in web browser | Market page on mobile |
| :--------- | :--------- |
|![Screenshot of homepage](src/assets/img/home.png) |  ![screenshot of secondary page](src/assets/img/mobile.png) |

## <span style="color:#74875d;">Technologies Used</span>

* HTML
* React
* JSX
* Webpack, Eslint, Babel
* React Hot Loader
* CSS Loader, CSS Style Loader, and JSX Loader


### <span style="color:#74875d;">License</span>

Copyright (c) 2018 ****_Julia Sheremet_****

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
